[judge] And so,
defendant Jolyne Cujoh
is sentenced.
You're one interesting chica.
How'd you end up here?
What are you in for?
-I'm innocent.
-[gavel banging]
...to 15 years in Green
Dolphin Street State Prison,
where she will remain under
the watchful eye
of strict guards
to pay for her crimes.
[Jolyne] What the hell is
going on here?
[Gwess] I wasn't expecting you
to also have an ability.
It'll be Stone Ocean.
Because somehow,
I'm gonna free myself
from the sea of stone.
[opening theme song playing]
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean.
While in it's thread form,
it can travel far distances,
but it lacks power and
s easily damaged.
[electricity buzzing]
It becomes strong
when gathered.
However, it can only reach
about two meters
in that state.
Could Stone Ocean break
through the iron bars?
No, that's not gonna happen.
The most it could do was...
[bang]
My soul energy that
was brought out
by the pendant stone.
Escaping prison with
this power is...
[sighs]
...not possible yet.
Before I try that, I need
a better understanding
of the entire prison's layout.
[woman] Hey, girl with the buns.
Hello? I'm talking to you.
Sorry to bug,
but you got some
spare change I can borrow?
I have some if
I go back to my cell,
but the call I'm on
is about to run out.
I'll go get it and
pay you back when I'm done.
You think you could maybe
lend me a dollar?
It's been a while
since I've last talked
to my family.
-[rustling]
-Sure, I guess.
Here.
Oh, thanks so much.
You're my hero.
I'll return it once I'm done.
-[woman] Move it!
-[grunts]
The hell do you think
you're doing?
Don't you know there's a line?
What line?
I've been standing behind
that girl for 30 minutes
waiting for her to finish
that ridiculously long call!
You're the one
who wasn't in line!
Dumbass! You gotta be new.
You gotta make a reservation
to use the phones here.
Well, that's news to me!
Yeah, well,
remember it next time.
By the way, the wait
is usually a month long.
Wait, seriously?!
It's only supposed to be
a few minutes per phone call,
so how does the wait
become a month long?
Just another one
of the seven wonders, honey.
Hey, you.
Let me get your place
in line, would you?
[woman chuckles]
And that's why
we do things this way, got it?
[woman over phone] Hey, Mama.
-[pensive exhale]
I wanna call her.
I wanna hear her voice.
Mama's voice...
Jo-lyne!
How you doing, "cellie"?
Shut up and get
the hell away from me!
I told you,
we're finished talking
to each other!
Come on, you can't
possibly hate me forever.
I'm only here to warn you.
Believe me, what you just did
was the worst move
you could've made.
Why?
You just lent a dollar
to that blonde girl, right?
Go make sure
she returns it right away.
Trust.
There'll be hell to pay
you don't get that money back.
What are you saying?
Of course I'm gonna
have her return it.
It's just a dollar.
Ugh, hey! That is
what I'm talking about!
It ain't "just a dollar"!
That kind of thinking
will get you killed.
Huh?
Okay, listen to me, Jolyne.
One thing you need to learn
is that lending and
borrowing money
with other prisoners is
an absolute no-no.
It's something
you should never do
in the Aquarium.
Even if it's just a dollar.
Tell me, what do you
think would happen
if you were unable
to get that dollar back
from the blonde who
begged you for it?
Any idea?
You'd become like her.
[gasp of pain]
Word would spread
around the place
that the newcomer, Jolyne,
couldn't even get back
a mere dollar
that she lent out.
And in here,
rumors spread like wildfire.
They'll keep coming back
for more, just like her.
One after another,
every single day...
If you run out of money,
they'll just take everything
from your body and mind.
Don't know about you,
but that sure does sound
like a living hell to me.
Hey, wait a minute.
You're exaggerating.
Is that what you think?
Look at her.
She lent just a dollar too.
Speaking of the blonde,
there she is now.
She went back to her room,
but it looks like
she's got no intention
of coming to pay her debt.
Trust me.
Everything I've said
has been for your sake.
[door buzzing]
Hi. You got a spare minute?
Oh, hey!
Yeah, I'm just reading.
Apparently,
this book's a masterpiece.
Have you read it?
Nuh-uh.
Anyway, about that change
I lent...
Um... I, uh--
I was wondering
what happened to it.
Oh! Of course, hon!
One dollar.
There's no way I'd forget it.
I've got the memory stored
in the old noggin' right here.
I'll get it to you later, okay?
You told me that you have
some back in your cell.
You went back, right?
So, where is it?
Enough already!
Don't you ever shut up?
I said I'd get it
to you later.
That obviously means
I don't have it right now!
Are you a big tightwad
or what?
[music stops abruptly]
By the way,
while you're here,
do you think you could
lend me another ten dollars?
If you do, I'll be able to call
my friend on the outside
and get him to bring me
enough money
to pay you back
and then some.
Well, you have it, right?
Why don't you give it to me?
[chuckles]
[all chucking]
[piano music playing]
[gasps]
-[stomach grumbling]
-Wh-what the...?
Huh?
-[straining]
-[grumbling intensifies]
[grunts] Oh, no. [gasps]
-[pounding]
-Hey! Come on, let me in!
Bun girl, hurry up and
get out of there!
-[muffled] Hey!
-[pounding]
-Are you listening to me?
[whimpers]
Okay, I'll give it back!
I have a dollar, so please!
Oh, yeah? Didn't you say
you'd get it later?
There's no need for you
to rush.
Take your time, really.
[groans]
Fine then! I'll pay you!
Five--no, no ten whole dollars!
-[grunts]
-It's a deal! [chuckles]
Sorry,
but that'll be ten dollars.
[woman yells in pain]
[Jolyne humming]
[humming]
Hey, it's your turn.
Go in the bathroom after her.
Then wait. Someone else
will want to use it.
After that, it's up to you
whether or not
you get back the money
they extorted from you.
The only person who can
get you out of this is you.
[gasps]
[groans]
H--Huh?!
What's happening to me?
That's right.
And I'll get out of here too.
Somehow...
Prisoner number FE40536.
I'll be returning to my cell,
so please unlock this door.
[clattering]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[exhales]
[boy] Noon, tomorrow...
A visitor will be
coming to see you.
But you must not meet them.
No matter what,
you absolutely cannot go
to the visiting room.
If you go,
you're not the only one
who will be affected.
Something even more
unfortunate
than death will occur.
[gasps]
[clattering]
[stiffly breathes]
Who was that boy?
And why is there
a child here?
-[guard] Hey, bitch!
-[gasps]
Could you not hear me say,
"Stand back and wait?"
And stop grabbing
onto the bars!
Stand back!
Please, just open it!
Let me out! [grunts]
You listen when I say
not to grab on the bars!
[grimaces, gasps]
[inhales]
[groans]
[strained exhales]
[tense music playing]
[valve shuts]
[water trickling]
[clothing rustling]
[tense music builds]
Around noon tomorrow,
a visitor will be arriving.
Although, it's not for you,
of course.
For next door...
You get me?
I'm just informing you.
Oh, hey, buddy.
You might want
to check yourself.
Your pants are on backwards.
[tense music stops]
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps, grimaces]
So dramatic.
Sorry about yesterday,
FE40536.
But still... It's your fault
for hanging onto the bars
when I said not to.
Them's the rules, you know.
I had already let go,
and then
you hit me two more times.
Huh? I didn't quite catch that.
Did you say
something just now?
Nuh-uh.
Anyway, is there
something you need?
There's a visitor for you.
[gasps]
Now, on your feet.
I got to cuff you.
A visitor? Who?
Is it my mama?
How the hell am I
supposed to know?
Just give me your hands.
[breathing shakily]
[door buzzing, opening]
[guard] Stand on the marker
in front of you.
Listen to these rules.
You've got
a total of 30 minutes.
You will be allowed
to hold hands,
but there will be no kissing
or getting naked.
Items brought in will be
handed over after inspection.
No speaking in
foreign languages either.
Depending on what's said,
the guard can cut
your meeting short.
Don't move from that spot
until I tell you.
[buzzing]
[exhales]
[boy's muffled voice]
You can't go in there.
[gasps]
Abandon this visit
and go back to your cell.
It's not too late.
[gasps] What? Who are you?
What's a kid like you
even doing here?
Shh!
[inhales nervously]
I don't know the details.
I can't explain it.
But still, in this world,
something more terrifying
than death exists.
And I'm certain
that it's happening
right here inside
these prison walls.
So run!
Go back to
your cell while you still can.
[pensive grunt] I can't.
Mama might be here to see me.
And all I want is to see her.
I'm sure
she feels the same way.
I've got to show her I'm okay
and hopefully
put her at ease.
If only just a little!
Take this with you.
Consider it
a good luck charm.
[door buzzing]
All right, FE40536, come in.
[gasps]
Is this a bone?!
What are you waiting for?
Get your ass in here.
[tense breath]
[ominous music playing]
Jolyne... Did you get
the pendant that I left
behind with your mother?
[tense gasp]
Old man...
-[water trickling]
-[wind howling]
[man] Theft of a wallet
and a car.
Plus assault...
[woman] There must be
some sort of mistake.
My Jolyne would never...
Lucky for her, she's only 14.
She'll get a slap
on the wrist.
[woman] You're going to Tokyo?
Right now?
With everything your
daughter is going though?
Can't you at least wait
until tomorrow?
What kind of father are you?
Wait! Hello? Hello?
[gasps]
[footsteps receding]
[blowing]
-[annoyed grunt]
-[Jotaro] Jolyne.
Are you listening to me?
The pendant...
[grunts]
[thuds]
That'll put me in solitary
confinement for a while.
I wouldn't have come
if I knew you were here!
Hey, get up and
open the door. Hey, you!
Oh, shit.
I think I hit him too hard.
Get up, would you?
Oh, good grief.
Jolyne, listen close.
Contrary to what
you might believe,
the person who framed you
for murder and put you here
isn't your boyfriend Romeo.
[gasps]
Johngalli A.
He's currently locked up
in the men's section
of this penitentiary.
He's a veteran and
a sniper who supposedly
could nail his targets
through wind speeds
of 20 meters per second.
According
to an investigation,
his cataracts have caused
his vision
to degrade considerably.
He's the one
who plotted everything.
Even that car accident.
Apparently, Johngalli A.
had his henchmen
abduct some
random hitchhiker
and throw him
in front of the car.
Everything from hiring
the money-grubbing lawyer,
the judge that sentenced you,
and setting up
that rich brat
were all orders
from Johngalli A.
[breathing heavily]
Give me a hand here!
Have you heard of
plea bargaining before?
I love you!
And so,
defendant Jolyne Cujoh
is sentenced to 15 years...
[Jolyne]
Fifteen god damn years!
[Jolyne grunts]
That's for hitting me
twice yesterday,
you son of a bitch!
[enraged screaming]
I want to know why.
Tell me now!
Why the hell did
this complete stranger
decide to throw me in jail?
Sit down.
Answer me!
Just take a damn seat.
[intimidated exhale]
Listen,
Johngalli A. is after you.
By putting you in this jail,
he can dispose of you
at any time that he wants.
But why though?
Because of the blood that's
running through your veins.
The blood of the Joestars.
[uncertain exhale] Joestars?
The family name that
connects back to us
from a few hundred years ago.
Johngalli A. holds a grudge
toward this blood.
To be able to
communicate something
to someone's heart
is a wonderful thing.
But sometimes remnants
are left over,
and those remnants
are known as grudges.
[exhales]
Back when I was younger,
I kicked the ass
of the Joestar bloodline's
greatest enemy.
Johngalli A. was
that man's subordinate.
He never met him in person,
but I've got no doubt
that they're connected.
Even though 20 years
have passed,
the blind bastard turned
his fanaticism
into a motive for his grudge.
This makes no sense.
I thought you were supposed
to be some kind of scholar.
What's all this about "enemies"
and "grudges"?
All you need to understand
is that you're being
targeted right now,
so I'm here to bust you out.
The law be damned.
Have you acquired
a Stand ability yet?
A Stand?
You didn't inherit
anything specific from me,
but as my daughter
you've got potential.
Did anything weird
start happening to you
after you receivedNhe pendant?
-[gasps]
-I'll take that as a "yes."
It's known as a Stand.
A Stand, huh?
Then you've got one too.
We'll escape with it.
Got it?
[growls]
[whirring]
[Jolyne] Give me a break.
It's a little late
to try acting like a father.
I got to get thrown
in prison
for you to help me?
Is that how you show love?
Not that it matters.
There's no space for you
in my heart.
But whatever, Pops.
I'll take in
that shocking story
and that whole "Stand" thing
under advisement.
You can go on home now.
And don't come see me again.
[gasps] The handcuffs...
When did they...?
[gasps]
[mysterious music playing]
[Jotaro] Who lit that cig...?
The brand is different.
The guard didn't even
approach the table
in the first place.
[exhales]
Jolyne! Get away from
that door now!
[grunts in pain]
Star Platinum: The World!
Time, stop!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[clattering]
[coughing]
What the fuck?
Did I just get shot?
Don't move!
He's begun his assault.
[tense music playing]
What does the far right
of this hallway look like?
Are there any windows?
Yeah. Two or three,
but all of them have
iron bars on them.
[Jotaro]
This bullet's the real deal.
It's a sniper round
used primarily
in long range rifles.
Johngalli A. definitely
fired this round.
Wait just a second.
You said that guy
was an inmate in this prison.
We aren't even allowed
to have pens in here.
Is that right?
Rifles come in parts.
If you divide the pieces,
you can hide them
in anything.
If a subordinate bribes
the guards,
they'll most likely
allow the items
in without inspection.
Slowly but surely, you'll
have the whole damn thing.
Sure that's true, but
this is the women's prison!
There's no way he can aim
from the men's side.
Especially inside a building
like this
with so many obstacles.
He can with a rifle
and a special power...
In other words,
Johngalli A. is definitely
a Stand user.
Look there.
[gasps]
[metal clinks]
What is that thing?
-[whoosh]
-[gasps]
Don't show your face too much.
It looks like that's more
than just a piece of trash.
Yeah, but it's moving away.
It seems really light.
Like it's dancing in the wind.
[Jotaro] Don't make
any sudden moves.
Before we do anything,
we need to determine
that thing's power.
It dodged it!
What did I just say?
Can it see my thread
or something?
Stop raising your voice.
It's reacting to
something else.
Not the movement
of your thread.
It's going in a completely
different direction.
[exhales]
So does that mean
it's reacting to that thing?
What do you call it?
You know,
the stuff that the thread's
movements created.
Um... the movement of air?
[Jotaro] So it was reacting
to the air currents
in order to predict
our location.
[Jolyne] Even if he knew
the location,
how did he shoot
a real bullet
from the men's prison to here?
That's what I want to know.
Jolyne. You survived
that shot from earlier
due to pure luck
and coincidence.
Don't move until we know
the mechanism of the snipes.
We clear?
Don't order me around
like I'm just a stupid child.
-I know all that already.
-[guard] You bitch!
F.... FE40536.
[gasps]
Do you have any idea
how much trouble you're in
for what you just did to me?
Do you, Jolyne Cujoh?
[whoosh]
Here it comes!
It's reacting to him!
I'm gonna make sure you rot
in solitary confinement!
Hey, stop moving!
[grunts] Before that,
I'm gonna enjoy
beating the shit out of you!
Just calm down!
Jolyne, don't move away
from the wall.
I know that.
Stop ordering me around!
If we don't knock
this shithead out again,
we're gonna
be totally screwed!
Damn you!
Who the hell do you think
you're talking to?
You filthy little whore!
Jolyne!
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
-[winces]
[wincing]
[labored breathing]
[gasps]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]